apm: document minimum support for span links in client libraries (#21649)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/span_links/_index.md

- The OpenTelemetry SDK, follow the OpenTelemetry manual instrumentation documentation for your language. For example, [Create spans with links for Java][3].
- The PHP Datadog library, follow the [Adding span links][1] examples.

## Minimum Support

> ``datadog-agent>=7.52.0`` is required to generate Span Links using datadog client libraries (ex: ddtrace). Support for span links was introduced in the following releases:

Author: ```suggestion
``datadog-agent>=7.52.0`` is required to generate Span Links using datadog APM Client Libraries and the Datadog implementation of the OpenTelemetry API. Support for span links was introduced in the following releases:
```

> ``datadog-agent>=7.52.0`` is required to generate Span Links using datadog client libraries (ex: ddtrace). Span Links are supported in the following versions of datadog client libraries:

Author: ```suggestion
``datadog-agent>=7.52.0`` is required to generate Span Links using datadog client libraries (ex: ddtrace). Support for span links was introduced in the following releases of datadog apm client libraries:
```

> - Python: 2.5.0

Author: ```suggestion
- Python: v2.5.0
```

> ``datadog-agent>=7.52.0`` is required to generate Span Links using datadog APM Client Libraries and the Datadog implementation of the OpenTelemetry API. Support for span links was introduced in the following releases:

Author: ```suggestion
``datadog-agent>=7.52.0`` is required to generate Span Links using APM Client Libraries. Support for span links was introduced in the following releases:
```

> - Python: ddtrace>=2.5.0
> - GO: ddtrace>=1.61.0

Author: ```suggestion
- Python: 2.5.0
- GO:  1.61.0
```

- PHP: v0.97.0
- Java: v1.26.0
- Node: v5.3.0

> - .NET: WIP

Author: ```suggestion
- .NET: WIP
- Ruby: No Support
- C++/Proxy: No Support
```

> - PHP: .....
> - Java: ....
> - Node: ...
> - .NET: ...

Author: ```suggestion
- PHP:  v0.97.0
- Java:  v1.26.0
- Node: v5.3.0
- .NET: WIP
```

> Note: (blurb about OTLP support for Span Links)

Author: ```suggestion
Note: This section documents minimum support for generating span link via Datadog APM client libraries. Span links generated by the OpenTelemetry SDK are <document support>.
```

- The OpenTelemetry SDK, follow the OpenTelemetry manual instrumentation documentation for your language. For example, [Create spans with links for Java][3].
- The PHP Datadog library, follow the [Adding span links][1] examples.

> ## Minimum Support

Author: ```suggestion
## Minimum support
```

``datadog-agent>=7.52.0`` is required to generate Span Links using APM Client Libraries. Support for span links was introduced in the following releases:

- Python: v2.5.0
- GO: v1.61.0
- PHP: v0.97.0
- Java: v1.26.0
- Node: v5.3.0
- .NET: WIP
- Ruby: No Support
- C++/Proxy: No Support

> Note: This section documents minimum support for generating span link via Datadog APM client libraries. Span links generated by the OpenTelemetry SDK are <document support>.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: This section documents minimum support for generating span link with Datadog APM client libraries. Span links generated by the OpenTelemetry SDK are sent to Datadog through [otlp ingest](https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/interoperability/otlp_ingest_in_the_agent).
```

- The OpenTelemetry SDK, follow the OpenTelemetry manual instrumentation documentation for your language. For example, [Create spans with links for Java][3].
- The PHP Datadog library, follow the [Adding span links][1] examples.

## Minimum support

> **Note***: This section documents minimum support for generating span links with Datadog APM client libraries. Span links generated by the OpenTelemetry SDK are sent to Datadog through [OTLP Ingest][8].

Author: ```suggestion
**Note***: This section documents minimum support for generating span links with Datadog APM client libraries (via the OpenTelemetry API). Span links generated by the OpenTelemetry SDK are sent to Datadog through [OTLP Ingest][8].
```

> **Note***: This section documents minimum support for generating span links with Datadog APM client libraries (via the OpenTelemetry API). Span links generated by the OpenTelemetry SDK are sent to Datadog through [OTLP Ingest][8].

Author: ```suggestion
**Note***: This section documents minimum support for generating span links with Datadog APM client libraries (with the OpenTelemetry API). Span links generated by the OpenTelemetry SDK are sent to Datadog through [OTLP Ingest][8].
```

Agent v7.52.0 or greater is required to generate span links using [Datadog tracing libraries][7]. Support for span links was introduced in the following releases:

| Language  | Minimum tracing library version |
|-----------|---------------------------------|

> | C++/Proxy | Not supported                   |
> | Go        | 1.61.0                          |
> | Java      | 1.26.0                          |
> | .NET      | Not supported                   |
> | Node      | 5.3.0                           |
> | PHP       | 0.97.0                          |
> | Python    | 2.5.0                           |
> | Ruby      | Not supported                   |

Author: ```suggestion
| C++/Proxy | Not yet supported                   |
| Go        | 1.61.0                          |
| Java      | 1.26.0                          |
| .NET      | Not yet supported                   |
| Node      | 5.3.0                           |
| PHP       | 0.97.0                          |
| Python    | 2.5.0                           |
| Ruby      | Not yet supported                   |
```
